User Guide to Playing VOID.ED

Intro:
Hello, Player! Are you having a nice day? Well, that question doesn't really matter at all because your day is about to filled with amazing amazingness,
wonderful wonderfulness, and lots of redundant redundancy. Welcome to the world of VOID.ED. VOID.ED is a single-player text-based adventure game. The
story line is a fairly usual text adventure plot, involving YOU waking up in an unkown world and trying to escape. This simple instruction guide will give you
some helpful info about how to play VOID.ED. But remember, not is all as it seems in the world of VOID.ED. Secrets are hidden all over, and I'd watch your back,
because you might just find a knife in it. Once again, welcome, or should I say, you ARE NOT welcome, to the world of VOID.ED.

Disclaimer: THERE IS NO CAKE IN THIS GAME, THEREFORE YOU CAN NOT CALL IT A LIE!!!!

Commands List:

NOTE: To get this and more in-game, type "help".

Simple Commands
To show your inventory, type "inventory" or "inv".
To see what items are in a room, type "items".
To get a freindly hello, type any form of 'hello'.

Look Commands
To look at something (like an item), type "look <name of the item>".
To look around, type "look around".
To look at your self, type "look me".

Item Commands
To pick up an item and add it to ypur inventory, type "take <name of the item>".
To drop an item from your inventory, type "drop <name of the item>".
To use an item (MUST BE USED on a specific target), type "use <name of the item> <what you want to use it on>".

Travelling Commands
You can travel north, south, east, west, up, and down.
From each location, you can only go in certain directions.

To go in a direction, just type in the direction ("<what direction>").

More shall be discovered in the game! But for now, farewell, young grasshoppah. May the odds be ever out of your favor.

Also, remeber to "BE LIKE A LEMMING!";




















































































A Message from Shqip the Wizard...

Nëse jeni të duan të lëvizin për vendin e largët, atëherë ju jeni që kanë nevojë për të xyzzy.
Gjithashtu, një kartë për dështimin për të thënë "Lemming".